{"facts": ["A cat has a total of 24 whiskers, 4 rows of whiskers on each side. The upper two rows can move independently of the bottom two rows.", "Contrary to popular belief, the cat is a social animal. A pet cat will respond and answer to speech , and seems to enjoy human companionship.", "Spaying a female before her first or second heat will greatly reduce the threat of mammary cancer and uterine disease. A cat does not need to have at least 1 litter to be healthy, nor will they \"miss\" motherhood. A tabby named \"Dusty\" gave birth to 420 documented kittens in her lifetime, while \"Kitty\" gave birth to 2 kittens at the age of 30, having given birth to a documented 218 kittens in her lifetime.", "In 1987 cats overtook dogs as the number one pet in America.", "All cats have three sets of long hairs that are sensitive to pressure - whiskers, eyebrows,and the hairs between their paw pads.", "A cats field of vision is about 185 degrees.", "Cats have individual preferences for scratching surfaces and angles. Some are horizontal scratchers while others exercise their claws vertically.", "Kittens lose their baby teeth!! At three to four months the incisors erupt. Then at four to six months, they lose their canines, premolars and molars. By the time they are seven months old, their adult teeth are fully developed. This is one of the ways a vet (or you) can tell the age of a kitten.", "Cats have 30 vertebrae (humans have 33 vertebrae during early development; 26 after the sacral and coccygeal regions fuse)", "A cat named Dusty, aged 1 7, living in Bonham, Texas, USA, gave birth to her 420th kitten on June 23, 1952.", "The average litter of kittens is between 2 - 6 kittens.", "A steady diet of dog food may cause blindness in your cat - it lacks taurine.", "Cats can predict earthquakes. We humans are not 100% sure how they do it. There are several different theories.", "While many cats enjoy milk, it will give some cats diarrhea.", "A cat can spend five or more hours a day grooming himself.", "Studies now show that the allergen in cats is related to their scent glands. Cats have scent glands on their faces and at the base of their tails. Entire male cats generate the most scent. If this secretion from the scent glands is the allergen, allergic people should tolerate spayed female cats the best.", "It has been scientifically proven that stroking a cat can lower one's blood pressure.", "Many cats love having their forehead gently stroked.", "Cats with long, lean bodies are more likely to be outgoing, and more protective and vocal than those with a stocky build.", "A form of AIDS exists in cats.", "In an average year, cat owners in the United States spend over $2 billion on cat food.", "Today there are about 100 distinct breeds of the domestic cat.", "Cats dislike citrus scent.", "When a cats rubs up against you, the cat is marking you with it's scent claiming ownership.", "The cat's tail is used to maintain balance."], "success": "true"}